README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## Something to know:
* The animal details page background color changes based on if the animal is nocturnal or diurnal.

## If I had more time I would...
* Write more tests (I did write some for App.tsx and Home/index.tsx)
* Learn more about Typescript - this was my first experience with it
* Make the UI prettier
* Have better git flow - write new code on branches, and merge those to master
* Add a redux flow (if handling more data / pages / calls)
* Break props into a constants file

Commit message:

can now click whole animal box to go to animal details, adjusting README with more instructions

README.md, after:

# Getting Started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

You need to have npm installed on your machine to run this app.

## Available Scripts

To get the project running and install dependencies, run:

### `npm install`

In the project directory, you can also run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## Something to know:
* The animal details page background color changes based on if the animal is nocturnal or diurnal.

## If I had more time I would...
* Write more tests (I did write some for App.tsx and Home/index.tsx)
* Learn more about Typescript - this was my first experience with it
* Make the UI prettier
* Have better git flow - write new code on branches, and merge those to master
* Add a redux flow (if handling more data / pages / calls)
* Break props into a constants file
